[Draft] #404: Using documents to avoid storage restrictions (#423)
KasperskyLab/Kaspresso: wiki/09_Kaspresso-Allure.md

## _Details that you need to know_
By default, Kaspresso-Allure introduces additional timeouts to assure the correctness of a Video recording as much as possible. To summarize, these timeouts increase a test execution time by 5 seconds.
You are free to change these values by customizing `videoParams` in `Kaspresso.Builder`. See the example above.

### _How kaspresso attaches videos to allure report_

> To support storage restrictions allure saves reports to package provate directory e.g. /data/data/your.package.name/files/allure-report whereas screen recordings are created by calling "screenrecord" utility through adb shell which is unable to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To support storage restrictions allure saves reports to package private directory e.g. /data/data/your.package.name/files/allure-report whereas screen recordings are created by calling "screenrecord" utility through adb shell which is unable to
```

save video files to package private directories (see this [issue](https://issuetracker.google.com/issues/258277873)).
Because report created by one user (your package), but videos are created by another one leads to inability to attach videos 
to report because your package has no rights on vide files.

This fact makes implementing screen recordings attachments rather tedious. Here's kaspresso approach:

> 1. During test we attach stub video file to report. This stub is placed under /data/data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. During the test we attach a stub video file to the report. This stub is placed in /data/data
```

> 2. When test is finished we force allure to save report 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Once the test is finished we force allure to save the report 
```

> 3. Kaspresso parces report and saves file names generated by allure (when you attach file to report allure renames it with

Reviewer: Do I understand it right - we take file names generated by allure and use them while saving files by ourselves?

> 3. Kaspresso parces report and saves file names generated by allure (when you attach file to report allure renames it with

Author: Yes
